Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check on sound because I haven't heard anything yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yet. Maybe it's me though. Let me see if there's something I'm doing. Nope.
Check, check, check.
Check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes just muting I'm turning a mute on and off can snap. Yep. I got it. I can hear you. And you can hear me okay
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I can hear me. I couldn't hear you for a moment there. But now I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up a note.
And I'll just take a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got a new job. Ah. That is cool. Is this, like, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it didn't work out.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is. Is it a big disappointment or a little one.
Saraniah Aston: It's a little one, actually.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I've been practicing your name. So I think I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah Nia
Saraniah Aston: Perfect, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I told you I was gonna try
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so it was a little disappointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does this impact, sort of, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Affecting sort of being able to pay bills. Is it kind of significant in that way, or how does it affect you.
Saraniah Aston: Know, it was more significant and just
Saraniah Aston: You know my life was I was going to do something new and important but vice president of the program here.
Saraniah Aston: Is a complete I found out sleazeball and
Saraniah Aston: Oh, it was only interested
Saraniah Aston: In other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he was
Gwenevere Abriel: A sleazeball kind of good that you caught that early. I mean this right before you put all your eggs in this basket.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Right. Great thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like you avoided something that could have been much, much worse.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he the one that initially interviewed you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There wasn't was their awareness that was kind of like something was off about him. When you first met him, didn't seem like there was some clothes.
Saraniah Aston: Know when I first met him.
Saraniah Aston: He was very like positive and kind and empathetic and just he seemed like the real sweetheart, and then
Saraniah Aston: He just wanted to video chat and go over some things with me and it just turned into a complete a man
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he crossing a boundary. Was he being like
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexual creepy.
Oh, he's
Gwenevere Abriel: A dirtbag.
Gwenevere Abriel: sleazeball i don't think your term.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay, well I'm disappointed with you. That's, that's too bad. And you said it was something new and important.
Saraniah Aston: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What was the job opportunity that you were looking forward to
Saraniah Aston: It was adolescent outreach for
Saraniah Aston: The community or they don't have a really good outreach program for lessons here except for one
Saraniah Aston: Which I discovered through their local thrift store which
Saraniah Aston: They have all they have here is a thrift store called it's actually called the swag shop and that's where they
Saraniah Aston: They do all the pre go to our lesson.
Saraniah Aston: Outreach and they have meetings there that you know teams go there.
Saraniah Aston: And there's art therapy and stuff like that. And I was
Saraniah Aston: Interested in therapy and that's basically what it was going to be like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you feel like some of your life experiences really help you understand people maybe more so than other people that have kind of had had an easy
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you've taken something negative, and turn it into a way to connect deeply with people. Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's what I tried to I want this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you know how did you come across art therapy as something like have you been able to do that yourself.
From them sippy and
Saraniah Aston: I'm mostly through school and
Saraniah Aston: That's about it.
Saraniah Aston: And when I was every time that I had been
Saraniah Aston: hospitalized or anything like that. Um, I had always jumped right into it. My interest it were in art therapy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if we can embark on a reset. You know how we kind of had a disconnect when we first started, can we do. Can we do a reset.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. So I'm a firm believer in them. I think that by naming what a problem was, or if there was a miscommunication or something by naming it
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of the potency and intensity can go away.
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just say
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a chance and you have it right now if you want to, to share any concerns that you have about working with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or working with any therapist or maybe something you want to do specifically and you could even include a discussion around art therapy like that might be even something you want to do with me anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you weren't given that chance when when I have to do these these assessments of which are the same exact one for everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's not personal. It's, it's like everyone gets these
Questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have a chance to process what those questions felt like, and maybe there was this sense of it was intrusive and triggering for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to create that space where you can kind of talk about whatever concerns are and I promise you, you're not going to get back any kind of you know how you mentioned. Oh, you're not mad at me on the text that I am I don't get mad at my clients. That's that just doesn't happen. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you guys are coming in here with so much vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: I just I just, that's not going to happen here. I want you to feel safe and I think being able to talk about your concerns might help invest in that safety.
Saraniah Aston: I just, I felt like a bunch of
Saraniah Aston: Personal things were
Saraniah Aston: Asked, and I felt corner and
Saraniah Aston: I felt uncomfortable and the next day I couldn't get a bed.
Saraniah Aston: Because I can go into a place of depending on what we're going to bring up or bring out
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: shame, guilt,
Saraniah Aston: You know, self lack of self worth.
Saraniah Aston: All kinds of things can just kind of pop out. And so that's what happened and
Saraniah Aston: And it concerned me and I'm you know I'm used to, you know, questions maybe in like a
Saraniah Aston: Maybe like a questionnaire form, but I'm not used to the
Saraniah Aston: The invasive.
Saraniah Aston: Right, a
Gwenevere Abriel: Person asking those questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a person asking those questions feels more invasive to have a human right to because I was asking them out loud.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact what ended up happening was, because that that sense of invasiveness then the next day, maybe some shame came up and some
Gwenevere Abriel: deficits of self worth, maybe, and then you were wiped out for the day.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I was just done. I just couldn't. Yeah, it was, it was, but the next day I was ok ok I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're reaching out to me through text was very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you did that because it looks like we caught it fairly quickly. For some people they they see me right or what I represent, which means more vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: I such a threat that you could have thrown your hands up and walked away from the program altogether. But you hung in there and you texted and you know what I mean, at least you you had that. And I'm really, I'm impressed that you did that. That was really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what this is doing for me, if I may, I share a little feedback about how it's informing our work and moving forward.
Saraniah Aston: Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No it what it's saying to me, or how I'm absorbing this is
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of preparation is going to be maybe welcomes like let's make sure our resources are really developed
Gwenevere Abriel: A grounding techniques, all the mindfulness stuff. I don't know what resources and coping skills you're already bring to the table. So I'm excited to learn about those
Gwenevere Abriel: But really making sure they're solidified before if you so decide to do some reprocessing have some some history so that it's no longer intruding
Gwenevere Abriel: Into your life, whether it's through nightmares or unwanted thoughts are negative self appraisal, but that indeed we spend just a generous amount of time making sure this year you feel grounded and resource. Before we go there.
Saraniah Aston: Does that seem like a reasonable first. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it doesn't sound like with that what that that bio psychosocial that that I did with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no checking in.
Gwenevere Abriel: With with what you already have. Yeah. So, but it's useful for me, too, because maybe what I can do, if we were even we had even less time because we were crunched with a half hour and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: There were a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't hurt for me to to remember, maybe I can make that a first thing inquiry, hey if negative things come up. Do you have a resource. Do you have a safe place that you can go to sort of in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you don't dissociate or act out in other people act out. They don't associate, they might act out. So, but it's good. I appreciate the feedback really useful. Thank you.
Saraniah Aston: You know, I just, I guess I'm just, I'm
Saraniah Aston: I am in a place where
Saraniah Aston: I'm finally in
Saraniah Aston: Sorry, sweetie.
Saraniah Aston: I'm in
Saraniah Aston: The most control over my life I have been, I think, ever. And I've worked really hard.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm scared, cuz I don't wanna
Saraniah Aston: I don't want to like go backwards. Oh, that makes perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense, you and I don't know you, for very long. But the fact that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are here today that you're in this in this work trying to get better, right, trying to heal. That's a real testament to how hard you have been working at this. People don't give themselves enough credit every day is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, they're like, oh, well, there aren't these like accomplishment markers that we compare ourselves to our culture. No, no, no. You need to be giving yourself credit for getting out of bed someday is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, really, truly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hear you.
Saraniah Aston: I'm really hard on myself sometimes. Really, I am I expect sometimes just too much for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it also sounds like you can see in real time that you are giving yourself some credit for how hard earned this successes that
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the message to me right is a little i don't i don't want to go backwards. I don't, I don't want that that I can't get out of bed, kind of thing. I just got the message.
Saraniah Aston: It's like it's almost like I can't afford it anymore.
Saraniah Aston: To go backwards. Okay, that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can tell you, well, you know what, why don't you tell me when you were doing some of the psychotherapy that you've you've had in your treatment in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard a little bit about art therapy, which is kind of nice because right it's that intensity of contact with communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the, the potential rejection abandonment criticism threat. All of that stuff is sort of mitigated when we're turning our attention to a drawing to a painting, you know, we can we can buffer. It's kind of nice.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: Which we can definitely
Saraniah Aston: And that's something I do now, like, you know, when I if I do end up freaking out and whatever way it might be. I'll just
Saraniah Aston: I'll just bust out some collage materials and go at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how long does it take for the distress to go down after you've started the collage work.
Saraniah Aston: Of flowers. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you keep do you use like magazines and different cloth and different things around you kind of keep them handy.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, there are St. Louis, surrounded by them right now yeah club.
Saraniah Aston: Like vintage
Saraniah Aston: Vintage images from old like medical textbooks, stuff like that. I've always been fascinated with medical textbooks.
Saraniah Aston: Not textbooks, but you know images and
Saraniah Aston: I like
Saraniah Aston: And yeah, regular just magazines. I no matter what. It's happening. I'm always putting stuff out of magazines, just in case I want just to add to the pile of clippings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like it. So it's an ongoing right you're like I imagined I might want to use this piece something catches your eye, like I'm gonna clip that one out there.
Saraniah Aston: Right. Yeah. And I lay everything out and it like a puzzle. And so I put everything together like a puzzle piece. Everything is like a puzzle piece. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, just to do something a little different. What would it be like, would it feel invasive or almost a little bit of a stretch, but also a curiosity. If
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of talking maybe you brought one of your cautious and you can help me understand a little bit of you by showing it to me without feel a little bit safer and more comfortable.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you have around you that you got handy.
Saraniah Aston: Well, right now I don't have anything. Everything is packed I'm moving two weeks. So everything since I just moved up here I have a storage unit. And we're sending
Saraniah Aston: Out here soon just bit about money. But right now I really don't have much show except for a box of clicking
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, I got an idea of where to go after that. So I'll just, I'll take a look at what's in there.
Saraniah Aston: OK.
Saraniah Aston: Boxes
Saraniah Aston: Pick her and
Saraniah Aston: He
Saraniah Aston: Sings Laurel I got
Saraniah Aston: That
Saraniah Aston: I got, I wanted to do something a little political so I've got
Saraniah Aston: I've got
Saraniah Aston: A little Pinot lady.
Saraniah Aston: I got a bunch of trees here, which is a tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have, like, when a background of your mind already have a couple of themes that you're already like you mentioned a political one. You already got one I'll brewing back there.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it's fairly political but I'm also like I'm going to just like throw a bunch of flowers on it to make it, make it
Saraniah Aston: Beautiful. They like kind of like
Saraniah Aston: I like to go to a place that is perhaps maybe a little uncomfortable, but to find the beauty in that in things that necessarily aren't so positive or
Saraniah Aston: Comfortable and then finding beauty in it somehow. And somehow shorten that so that's, I have a
Saraniah Aston: My phone is sitting on right now. I have a big wooden box that is completely prepared for collage. I just hadn't started yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so much and what you just said, I'm just sort of sitting with the the power and impact of of right taking taking something that at first blast at that first body slashes like a verse of and anyone else would say, well, that's awful.
Saraniah Aston: You know, and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this special skill to be able to search deeply and and find a way to see its beauty and and that's a real gift that's a real gift that's that's a powerful thing. You have
Saraniah Aston: Well, I'll show it to you. Maybe I'll start today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it might be a nice segue into a little bit of imagery, can I test the waters with you and see how it goes.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, sure.
Saraniah Aston: Let's give them my push. Anyways, for we started
Gwenevere Abriel: Recently, and this these are positive images, just to give you a heads up. I'm not going to be going to to our shadow side the dark side here. I'll just be going to the positive stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the goal of it is really to have this this experience of feeling safe right feeling like I'm enough. Right.
Saraniah Aston: Those are very
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive things to go towards and what I'd like you to do is cultivate with me three figures, it'll be images of three different real or imagined. I'm not particular honestly just see if you can catch the uncensored truth for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: First one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think of a real or imagined nurturing figure and try to catch those images that first come to your mind who comes to mind.
Saraniah Aston: A nurse.
Nurse.
Anyone else
Saraniah Aston: I had an image of the Virgin Mary, for some reason.
Saraniah Aston: That that's what came to my well. And then Dr. Ruth just popped in my head. For some reason, but that's that's what I got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I used to listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: California
Saraniah Aston: It's funny. She's, she's amazing. She's is really, you know, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't know that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, everyone made sure to tell me that once I got there she is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have that we've got this sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of nurturing and nurturing oftentimes is that these individuals, the qualities of a nurse the Virgin Mary, and Dr. Ruth want your development and growth. They want you to be your whole self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to sort of have that full potential realized and nurture now for you when you think of a nurturer. Is there a statement that comes with it is there, touch, is there a thought. Is there an image in some way like something that really represents that quality.
Saraniah Aston: I guess it's an image of not necessarily mother and child, but as of nurture and child.
Saraniah Aston: Like it's almost like a kind of like a
Saraniah Aston: Biblical image of, you know, sort of see holding a child or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, since st holding
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to make note of this and I'll probably be referring to it at times in our work together without the okay
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, thank you. You mentioned again it'll probably be surprising to me that I ever said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can we can find out if it has that same sort of visceral and emotional response. And let me check in with what it is today. So give yourself permission. My eyes are closed to just so you know i'm not staring out to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're comfortable with it just
Gwenevere Abriel: Really being present with the quality of a saint.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding a child and
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see if
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you the child are you witnessing this child being held. Notice if there's the awareness of a nurse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they interacting
Saraniah Aston: His mouth very, um,
Saraniah Aston: I would say i'm i'm a little bit of both. But more and more, so the child. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, throughout my life I've gotten the greatest comfort and then like love from nurses
Saraniah Aston: And I've always connected with
Saraniah Aston: Nurses, like for example, one of my, I think it was a UCLA. I had one of the nurses at nighttime who would come around and do the checks.
Saraniah Aston: She told me on my day that I was on the did. I was just charging most you hope that she would never seen again, which was here, but as I understood. She told me, I'll never forget you, because every time I come in your feet are outside of the blanket and their process.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So I don't know, I always have a special connection with nurses and I love. I don't know, I feel like nurses can just be so under priests whoa underappreciated. Isn't that the truth is,
Gwenevere Abriel: They do so much. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're really
Saraniah Aston: Put up with so much in the it has the bite their tongue when they see things that they don't agree with and things aren't easy and it's really strong lot of strings, I would imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sometimes when I've looked at their position and then I'll see you know you'll see this nurse doing everything and then you know the physician will we walk in for five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And gone. I'm like, wait a minute, who's the real hero here.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah and there's can't really like seeing her own praises, you know, she just she works hard or he does their job and
Saraniah Aston: It's not like she can, like, show off of that, it's like it's silence.
Saraniah Aston: And it's just strong
Saraniah Aston: I love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about when you when you're present with this this experience of the quality of Dr. Ruth. Let me in a little bit more about what comes up for you around that.
Saraniah Aston: I just think that she she's
Saraniah Aston: Just extremely
Saraniah Aston: Transparent open
Saraniah Aston: Strong
Saraniah Aston: Strong, strong willed and
Saraniah Aston: She's a straight shooter.
Saraniah Aston: And she's fighting
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, she's, she's current. Well, no, she's not always calling but
Saraniah Aston: I don't know, I guess, um, how forward. She is especially coming from her timing I just really admire it
Gwenevere Abriel: And Virgin Mary is that sort of still part of this team because we're building a team right now of resources. So I want you to have everything that brings this sort of nurturing space. What about the Virgin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mary. Is that still part of the imagery
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it's image and it's more like something that I that I want to kind of show in
Saraniah Aston: One of my inequality. Well, in this collage that I really wanted you Preston at just do it and clippings for forever.
Saraniah Aston: Is
Saraniah Aston: I do see like an image of at least someone who looks like.
Saraniah Aston: The Virgin Mary, you know, with her head.
Saraniah Aston: older child or something like that.
Saraniah Aston: So it could be something that I'll actually use
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any more images that come to mind for nurturing figure, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Risk that kind of get it.
Saraniah Aston: I think for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can always add to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm keeping this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm keeping an eye on this. There's this place in this note that it's under this plan section where it'll move from note to note, so I don't have to re type, it'll be the right there for us. So I love that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check out another figure, see what comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you summon up images either real or imagined of a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be from a movie, TV book or maybe you registered a glimpse of it in your real life. You may have caught up. This is a protective figure I feel safe here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may have been just a glimpse
Saraniah Aston: Well, it's not a person
Saraniah Aston: Um, it's
Saraniah Aston: It's called the Iron Dome, and it is a
Saraniah Aston: If it detects rockets that are being sent over to text them in the air and intercepts them in there is really crazy technology and
Saraniah Aston: If, if it weren't around
Saraniah Aston: Up the places where it
Saraniah Aston: Would just be pretty much destroyed.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: The image of that big piece of machinery.
Saraniah Aston: Is what comes to mind for when it comes to protector. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say it back just because, remember, I'm in this tale of health and sometimes I don't hear it. Right. Let me see if this is what landed true for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That when I brought up this protective figure this big piece of machinery, it came to mind right and
Saraniah Aston: It's called the
Saraniah Aston: Bill. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as soon as that imagery is brought to your, your conscious awareness and you're spending time revisiting
Gwenevere Abriel: The impact that it has to be present with that quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel when you hold that image in your mind.
Saraniah Aston: Strong
You look
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other pieces elements that we want to add to protective figure. Any other quality just give yourself permission to really get it chest right
Saraniah Aston: See, when I asked a question for that protector. My mind automatically for surveys and goes to a place of
Saraniah Aston: The opposite the opposite.
Saraniah Aston: Of non protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, isn't that something so even saying protection, a fear response happens. Am I hearing that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you, I got you. Then let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Those bring that one back up. Let's be present with that one, because there was no ambivalence. Right. It was just back to back, strong it was. This, I think, even I might be what's being held from this St. Right. This that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with that one really get into it. I want you to use imagination to picture being held right the touch how warm, you feel maybe the colors that you get to see is it silver, gold is it bright out is it sunny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you warm or cool just be present in that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And hearing that candidate, right, maybe even hearing. I mean, Dr. Ruth. She has such a such a
Gwenevere Abriel: Voice so candid.
Strong
Saraniah Aston: What they see
Saraniah Aston: A child.
Saraniah Aston: In a scared child young Joe scared.
Saraniah Aston: And alone just being picked up and grab and held by a stranger.
Saraniah Aston: Is this
Saraniah Aston: A positive, positive,
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's a stranger to the child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the child is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not terrified is not
Saraniah Aston: Completely calm and safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's what we want, right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe safe. That's where I was trying to get to. So I think we're going to stick with this nurturing figure we're going to stick with that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, like, like there's a barrier up against the world.
Saraniah Aston: A very much person.
Saraniah Aston: There is no one else
Gwenevere Abriel: No one else. And there's almost like a barrier around them. Is it
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: What else, and the kid only sees the blue sky and the person and smells the person
See if we can name with that smell is child's now.
Saraniah Aston: Human um
Saraniah Aston: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enough if whatever you call it. That's what it is. This is a person. I can smell this human I can right there's a knowing
Saraniah Aston: And it's comforting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no one else
Saraniah Aston: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: This child in this stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, of calm and noticing the blue skies and this human
Yeah, and it's calm. That's the emotion.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Has been plucked out a
Saraniah Aston: complete chaos and being alone. And then that moment with the with the person
Saraniah Aston: And they are completely calm.
Saraniah Aston: They feel love
Saraniah Aston: And all the chaos on the outside is just
Saraniah Aston: Completely
Saraniah Aston: Just in that moment at least
Gwenevere Abriel: For what take it, it sounds like a good moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's continue to build this team with the next quality which is thinking of a figure real or imagined that embodies wise figure
Saraniah Aston: Free to call
Gwenevere Abriel: Spell it lesson.
Saraniah Aston: K H. L.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free to call
Saraniah Aston: Frida our ID, a
Saraniah Aston: Can artists and revolutionary
Saraniah Aston: Was wild and strong.
Saraniah Aston: A locked
Saraniah Aston: You got into a really bad accident when she was a teenager and
Saraniah Aston: A trolley full went completely through
Saraniah Aston: One side of her and out to the bottom and then she was pretty much paralyzed for a good portion of life until she got up and decided to to walk and she painted from her bed for many years. She had a mirror over her.
Saraniah Aston: That her dad gave her as art supplies and she just began painting these amazing self portraits and you know she used the mirror to paint yourself and they're just really intense.
Saraniah Aston: Intense self portraits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other images that come to mind for developing these
Gwenevere Abriel: This wise figure
Saraniah Aston: Hmm. If anything else emerges.
Saraniah Aston: Wait, okay, what do you mean my brain just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you just did this like amazing explanation right of free to call the Mexican artist revolutionary wild and strong she suffered a lot had been in an accident. As a teenager, a pole went through her body paralyzed for good portion of her life.
Saraniah Aston: And she
Gwenevere Abriel: Learned from her bed, using a mirror right
Gwenevere Abriel: He's intense self portraits.
Saraniah Aston: That's, that's, that's it. Yeah, I have a painting. Actually, I think I left it with my accident in Israel, but a painting of Frida, I might have a picture somewhere but um yeah she's my one of my greatest influences I and
Saraniah Aston: Survival and just
Saraniah Aston: She's almost like a saint to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Saraniah Aston: Jeff problems. She wasn't necessarily the healthiest proceed drink like a fish.
Saraniah Aston: Now, was that, but
Saraniah Aston: She was amazing.
Saraniah Aston: And then she ended up just walking with a cane or one of her feet with her one foot was
Saraniah Aston: One leg just didn't work anymore. So she will walk with a cane these beautiful traditional Mexican dresses and skirts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's do this. Let's see if we can bring
Gwenevere Abriel: The nurturing figures and freedom.
Gwenevere Abriel: kalo or Kala Kala
Kala
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring free to come and you're nurturing figures and let your imagination, bring them all together interacting and see where your mind cools on that creative resource building
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality just letting them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interact
Gwenevere Abriel: How they might interact together.
Saraniah Aston: I guess I think Frieda would would definitely be a child as well. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: You know, and very similar
Saraniah Aston: Way.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the child like you have a child.
In your
Life.
Saraniah Aston: I guess I just see. I see her it, I see it into takeaways. Like, she's like a pillar of
Saraniah Aston: Strength and then she's also definitely a vulnerable little girl.
Saraniah Aston: So those and then
Saraniah Aston: Well, the images of the
Saraniah Aston: Stranger holding the child and then free to
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about these other pieces, see if they can, they can sort of be around in this space as well. I'm not Dr. Ruth wonder what she might do.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, she would probably hanging out with Fiona and a bottle of tequila.
Gwenevere Abriel: adult version.
Saraniah Aston: Version.
Saraniah Aston: Fredo is very open like that too. So I mentioned maybe too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: And anything else come up. So you picturing free to look sounds like it was a little easier to picture free to with as an adult interacting with Dr. Ruth, there's this almost camaraderie, they can they can kind of be strong and they're both very candid and strong. Right.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see that pretty fluidly
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I see them being more real with each other, kind of behind the scenes of what they would show to the rest of the world. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel right now. See if you can identify and label the emotion, you're feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Created. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is when you're in this sense of creative
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, again, I'm still trying to check. So I'm just registering a little body scans and the work I do a lot of it is checking in with how your body's doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're feeling creative use your body relaxed. Is it distress. Is there a gut a chest a jaw a foot an arm. Is there anything that's tense or noticeably relax. Like what's the message coming from the body. You're in Korea.
Very
Saraniah Aston: Out putting of energy.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, calm and relax because I feel you. Just I
Saraniah Aston: When I'm able to reach that spot.
Saraniah Aston: Which isn't easy for me all the time to reach that spot where I'm able to get creative and feel inspired like I do. Now, I guess, talking about those things kind of bravado, but um
Saraniah Aston: But
Saraniah Aston: I forgot what the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. You were invited to do do a scan, in a sense, there was an awareness. Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then just see how the body was doing you recognize that it was calm recognized it was relaxed.
Saraniah Aston: The buyer is definitely calm, relaxed, whoever extremely
Saraniah Aston: Tons of an audience.
Saraniah Aston: I'm just like, hyper and inside almost to a point where you wouldn't be able to get anything done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if I couldn't be channeled
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Okay, I get it.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it a sense of, do you know how to harness that energy
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: Not really. I'm I'm learning now.
Saraniah Aston: I think that talking about opening up my brain a little bit and my mind a little bit
Saraniah Aston: And being asked to think
Saraniah Aston: Well, I actually do try and think, so I get answers and that way I
Saraniah Aston: I'm like, ah, I do have that in my head. So then I get inspired that I get a little excited and then just like everybody out of my way. It's time to create something
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, and I want you to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That vitality that you have inside of you is utterly welcome here. And there's no way you can do therapy wrong. You can't possibly do anything wrong. You understand if the inspiration.
Saraniah Aston: Is my
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to take a hold of this right now and you want to start to grab paste and and and and you want to get something where you you can
Gwenevere Abriel: harness it at the moment.
Saraniah Aston: I want. Yeah, I'm
Saraniah Aston: I'm going to do that as soon as we're done actually
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic. That's fantastic.
Saraniah Aston: I mean I got clippings here and I've got everything I need. So
Saraniah Aston: I'm feeling inspired. I might as well go for it.
Saraniah Aston: Sometimes I'm a little afraid.
Saraniah Aston: To do it yeah I'm afraid of, of being my own like kind of failure or not finishing something starting something that I won't finish because of just a cycle of the same thing, fear of
Saraniah Aston: Not
Saraniah Aston: Having that passion or that passion, just kind of
Saraniah Aston: Being kind of taken away from me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there that is that half finished project to remind you, it was taken away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't want to start it and then here we are again.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so maybe that's the key, at least in part, as we continue to sort of unpack what gets in the way of how you want to be and who you want to be, you know, what gets in the way. We have a lot of learning to do or I do anyway. You may know exactly what's going on, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm inviting and saying if if it means that you go with it if it means that you, you just say, Okay, I just caught a glimpse of complete acceptance. I caught it. And before it goes
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not afraid. Right now, let me create I'll create with you. I'll sit here and all I'll draw with you. I don't have any cool things to do in here. It's kind of a sterile cold land over here bunch squares.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, uh, but I can draw. I love drawing and we'll do it together. I am i know i probably look like this is going to be this really predictable cognitive thing but I truly believe that you are inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It knows what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way deep inside the
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of I know how to heal myself and I want. I want you to know your own strength right your own wisdom, your own ability to nurture that natural vitality and it sounds like creativity. I got a little crack in the door there. That sounds like a way to it.
Saraniah Aston: I did it actually you really did.
So exciting.
Saraniah Aston: It's really exciting for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take, let's be really gentle
Gwenevere Abriel: And give ourselves lots of time right now. We still have have time left in the session and let's let's walk through today together and
Gwenevere Abriel: Share with me, if you will, what you noticed about you that's most important. What's, what's
Saraniah Aston: About you, my speaking today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything is really such an open ended question.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, yeah.
What's up,
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Saraniah Aston: I can definitely say that
Saraniah Aston: Ever since I woke up, I didn't see me about meeting with you and I've been a little I was
Saraniah Aston: In a different headspace of like kind of a little bit of worry and then the decision to just be completely closed off.
Saraniah Aston: But that didn't work out for me and I feel much better. I feel
Saraniah Aston: Much, much better.
Saraniah Aston: I feel right now, especially
Saraniah Aston: I feel extremely inspired
Saraniah Aston: I think that opening up those that
Saraniah Aston: Those different places.
Saraniah Aston: The nurture and all
Saraniah Aston: That stuff on just, you know, kind of a little, a little fire for me. So that's really exciting. So basically,
Saraniah Aston: What I was expecting didn't turn out to be what I expected and and what I thought it would. And I'm really, I just, I feel, I feel safe, so that's good, that's really good thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm in off.
Gwenevere Abriel: From such a space of a fret and this is going to go badly and this woman right whenever he or she could hurt me. She could say something that's going to send me backwards and all of whatever your concern was
Gwenevere Abriel: And then to find out it wasn't what you thought. And in fact, you're feeling inspired. I mean, that's pretty cool to have a negative connotation, and then to come to find out. I feel safe.
That's pretty neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I also heard some pretty cool things earlier which had to do with it's such remember you, you found this. I can't remember if it was Dr Berkowitz or what the name of the psychiatrist is but you also ran into a psychiatrist. That's pretty good to
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, Doc. Dr. Burke with that says, yeah, we really mean.
Saraniah Aston: He's very
Saraniah Aston: Human like he's very, very, they're just like you know he's not just like a
Saraniah Aston: Doctor Who is kind of just like doing his job and maybe doesn't like it so much, and just wants to get through it. He was really interested in everything I have to say. And he's also doing the keto diet that he's like a keto master and
Saraniah Aston: I was recently diagnosed with diabetes, so
Saraniah Aston: He told me that if I continue to with my keto he believes that I can actually reverse it completely.
Saraniah Aston: So, and he's excited because I'm excited because I'm really serious.
Saraniah Aston: And he gave me some a website to go to. He's like, well, in that case, although we write this down for you. And he's like, well, in that case, I'll give you back that everyone, write this down because you realize that I was
Saraniah Aston: really serious about my health and the keto diet. So he was writing all these references for me.
Saraniah Aston: And I think I'm totally going off topic. I know you're on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was, I'm just, I'm highlighting that maybe it's a neat thing to have an expectation. A lot of times, it turns out not as bad as we think
Gwenevere Abriel: But a couple of times it's turned out even better. And as we start to kind of move closer to the end of our session today I'm want to offer an invitation to
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't give homework I don't tell people what to do with their life. I'm not qualified to live your life to tell you how to live yours. I just you know best, but I can, I can be inspired. And I'll just share my thoughts. If you want them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may be think when you were saying earlier about, I'm excited. Like I'm I'm inspired right now, you know, and then I went backwards. And I remember you saying that where you get tripped up in that cycle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here that if you went with this recollection of how this dynamic went today as your filter of how to now like reference this like, Well, I thought she'd be whatever it was a rigid cold bossy. I don't know what you thought I'd be
Gwenevere Abriel: uncaring or something. So, okay, I thought these things. And it turned out to be this other thing. I ended up feeling safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take that as a new filter for how I'm going to not wait a minute, not delay at all. I'm going to use my inspiration and I'm going to trust and I'm going to go start creating my collage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because maybe it will turn out amazing, maybe it will actually turn out better than I thought and see what actually happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're doing it. Maybe you'll feel safe. Maybe you'll feel more creative more inspiration and the truth of the matter is we don't actually know how we're going to feel we can do a decent job of predicting we don't actually know till we get there into that moment.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. No, see, I mean the right next to me like everything so I'm I think I'll just
Saraniah Aston: Just move right just start
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't even have to drive anywhere. It's already in the right room.
You're already there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else that kind of came up as we bring today to a close.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: No.
Saraniah Aston: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for something I do meet twice a year. You want to stick with once a week. Individual therapy and then group once a week.
Saraniah Aston: He for now. That would be good. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, excellent. So I already had.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we had set this one before my today opened up. I already had you tell me if this is still okay I have February 25 for
Gwenevere Abriel: 11am so basically the same time just next Tuesday.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Tuesday at 11 is what I've got. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'll do is moving forward. If you really like the timing on this. I'll do my best to I don't tend to schedule more than a week or two ahead because people's lives kind of change jobs change people will register for school or travel
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm going to do that time slot for you. I'll try not I'll be checking in. Like that one still like that one so that there's some predictability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: He liked that. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Saraniah Aston: So I am since I did change the group meetings, um,
Saraniah Aston: I hate talking about medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me make it easy for you that
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll make it easy for you. I want you to suffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody does it. I don't feel it when it comes to these sessions, if they're ever bridge to individual therapy that would probably mean you're out of medicine. So when I real quick do is I send a quick note over to
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be your I think I'll probably send it to Dr. All and and that's where your original doctor was right.
Saraniah Aston: Correct, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to send him a message and he he already kind of has a heads up that you may be making this transition to. Oh, but wait. You don't have that. Where do you want to go. Do you want to stay with Dr. Solomon. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that you don't have the job that
Saraniah Aston: You don't know. No, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to change. We're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put you I think on a low
Saraniah Aston: Key thing and
Now I'm
Saraniah Aston: Here. Yeah, my, my schedule you guys
Saraniah Aston: Okay, we'll keep it very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we'll have to be shy. This is what most people say all either. Remember, this is how it'll sound right at the end, I'll say let's reschedule. And then I'll say this, I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: Was medication bridge today. And you'll say, yeah, and then I'll just all I do is I send a quick slack. Notice this program and I say, Dr. Solomon. I'm your, your patient your client sorry he is here. She attended and he takes it from there. All I do is like a she's here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just remind him though that plan is she'll be in and you're going to attend the Friday group right
Saraniah Aston: The Thursday one. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because that was the amended.
Saraniah Aston: OK. OK, so what we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's let's start from scratch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our number groups when what what group we originally assigned to you before you even met me
Saraniah Aston: Will be assigned to Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you there this Monday, probably not.
Saraniah Aston: Right, this Monday. No, I missed this Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Saraniah Aston: I would like to get to the next the soonest one that are
Saraniah Aston: Possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to have you in my at my 11am group, I'd love to have you there. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm running this week and I have 11am on Thursday. You're more than welcome to. And then I have following that 12 o'clock on Friday, but I'd love to have you there.
Saraniah Aston: Okay so Thursday. That's what I have. Anyways, written down. So that's fine. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'll be a little quiet, just as I send this so I'm not ignoring you. I just want to take for you to get this going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will decide what we decide on Thursday. What you want to do from there. Okay.
Okay.
As far as group goes attended and I can you get
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful besides the buprenorphine. The Suboxone which is there's a lot in different summer brand name summer awfully
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't generic
Gwenevere Abriel: Other medicine that you need me to mention, sometimes people are taking data pension they're taking docs, then they're taking other quantity and and other things. And I can say, hey, she's need to refill on bloody blah, or you
Saraniah Aston: I'm good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excellent. And yeah, so I was kind of role playing, and saying if typically all remember to say it so you don't have to feel uncomfortable, but you can always say also and I'm out of medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I welcome the reminder in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes we'll just a little heads up. What I've noticed sometimes an issue will happen with the pharmacy sometimes because we're humans. Sometimes the doctor won't order it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it has like there's humans involved. So, of course, there's going to be some errors.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't delay for yourself just reach out either login to virtual clinic. You can literally log in and say, hey, I need to talk to someone get a message to Dr. Allen and
Gwenevere Abriel: That my medication does not appear to have been ordered. It's an E prescribed so it goes, it's a special sort of electronic ordering and I don't know it's above my pay grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. And if that doesn't work, then you can call bright heart health and say, hey, something went sideways here with my medication.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I was looking forward to it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Yeah, me too.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I will. I'm gonna jump in this belies right now.